it was like yes I want to support
someone who really is trying to get
their feet off the ground I don't know
what I mean
was like living under a rock before I
bought this it's definitely possible
hello my friends welcome to my review of
the Jeffrey star beauty killer palette I
when I first saw this come out I was so
excited for it
I looked at it and I went you know what
that is a palette that I don't own
anything like I've seen some comparisons
of this and an older to face palette I
will put a picture there they are quite
similar I've seen comparisons to the new
Maybelline palette I will put a picture
of that there I mean so this this
palette is definitely something you
might be able to get these shades
elsewhere but I personally do not own
any palette that's like this you know
I've been buying so many you know Too
Faced and tart palettes and all these
big brands was like yes I want to
support someone who really is trying to
get their feet off the ground I don't
know what I mean was I living under a
rock before I bought this it's
definitely possible we're going to get
into that part about Jeffrey and the the
company and all that in a minute but the
first thing I want to do is I want to
review this palette for you I have used
every shade in this palette and and what
I decided to do today is I wanted to be
able to show you firsthand how these
shades go on so I'm going to show you
what I did to get this look and my goal
for this look was to do something
wearable so I'm not wearing false lashes
you can see I've got a neutral lip I
wanted to show people that we're
thinking about purchasing this palette
that you can wear this in an everyday
kind of way there are some scary shades
in here but they're workable they blend
enough that they're workable so let me
go ahead and show you how I got this
look and I'll be right back
so replace with just one breath I'm
locked in
oh man man oh man I'm so perplexed oh
that it's almost shocking I know you
know you scared your heart your mind
your soul your body
they won't they won't
be careful but I guess that you know
from wars you
Oh
waffle beasties
I'm thinking oh man
washing the Washington
cosplay made by someone who's afraid
against it
as you can see you really can get a
wearable look for every day out of this
palette now let's talk about the
individual shades and how I feel about
them so this one right here star power
goes on very very opaque at least for me
I've heard people saying that it is
powdery I have not had that problem with
the shade
neither have I had that problem with any
of these shades the except for one
there's one shade that I had trouble
with as far as the formula and that's
the shade called rich-bitch so when you
swatch it it actually swatches finger
swatches very nicely but when you put a
brush in it and you swatch it on your
eye it's just extremely chunky it's very
very very difficult to work with this is
the thing I mean it goes on really
really badly at first but it does build
it just takes some work to get it to
work and when you do work with it you
can get a very opaque gold color my
favorite shade in here is definitely
Courtney Courtney goes on like a
stinking dream I use this as a crease
color as a transition color and it is
absolutely perfect you have a deeper
skin toning in a deeper shade you can
actually mix Courtney and vanity
together and get a little bit deeper of
a transition shade if that's what you're
looking for this will be for light to
medium skin tones a mix between those
would be more of like a medium to deep
skin tone so I have had my best
experiences with confession violence
vanity and Courtney Courtney being my
absolute favorite now some issues that I
have star power and expensive are just
insanely bright and they do blend pretty
well with the other shadows but they're
definitely not my favorites princess
also takes a little bit of building but
if you can get it built up girlfriend it
is gorgeous
or boyfriend it is gorgeous really
really like that shade a lot confession
has been fantastic violence has been
fantastic vanity is a typical very deep
shade it can really go on deep but it
does blend really nicely as you could
see in the demo why am i shaking my
brush around I don't even know but as
you could see in when I applied it it
blends out really nice with the other
shades China white you do have to build
it up if you want that white shade
it's more of like I've you've been using
it as a blending color a brow bone shade
but this doesn't come off white it comes
off as a almost like a like something
might paint your walls with I don't know
any other way like like on looking
off-white is the way that it comes off
now black rainbow is one that had a
really really hard time working with
it's so so so pigmented that it really
I've trouble blending with the other
shades it is a lot of work to work with
black rainbow at least for me so rich
bich and black rainbow where the shades
that I did not enjoy too as much as I
enjoyed the rest of them but overall I
feel like this is a really solid palette
now do not be fooled by the size of the
pans these pans are not very deep I will
put all the specifics as far as the
weight of everything down below but
these pans are not very deep so even
though they look large it is an optical
illusion because they are very thin of
course I have not hit pan yet but I
would imagine it wouldn't take much to
hit pan on this palette so for me this
is a positive review of the palette I
have really been enjoying using it I've
used it seven or eight times at this
point and I wanted to use it a lot
before I did a four of you because I
can't I don't like to recommend
something unless I have truly truly
tried it so if you want to try it I
would definitely recommend picking it up
I think it's a great palette now this is
why I would not recommend picking it up
and it's because of the things I have
been learning about Geoffrey star
himself and the way that he has been
acting on social media for a very long
time which I was completely ignorant of
what I bought this ballot you know he
talks a good game he goes on Twitter and
he you know talked about being humble
and he talks about his subscribers and
he talks about all of these things but
then his actions are different if you
want to see more in depth of why I do
not support him as a person I will link
Stephanie Nicole's video down below a
lot of you have probably already seen it
and and I had seen the video right after
I purchased this someone was like you
know Geoffrey Stars racist right and I
was like no I did not know that and I
just typed into Google jeffree star
racist and I came up with the video that
Stephanie shows in her
and it just it may be sick I was like
did I really just give money to this man
did I really do that and then right
after that I saw the video with rocky
roadkill which will also be linked below
where rocky explains his experience with
Jeffrey star and how unprofessional he
was I mean
rocky just seems like the nicest guy and
he couldn't be nicer I mean it Jeffrey
drag me through the mud like the wave
drag Rocky through the mud
I would not be so nice so props to him
for his maturity I would have definitely
been like oh no you did not I would not
have handled it as well as either so I
do not feel like I want to purchase
anything else of Jeffrey's even though I
did enjoy this palette I've heard good
things about his liquid lipsticks and I
but I don't want to give him my money I
mean they think about this much paint on
his brand-new Lamborghini I paid for I
don't want to pay for any more of that
because he's not nice about it unless he
for some reason comes to some giant
character change which I seriously doubt
it considering he hasn't really felt any
ramifications for his actions and you
know he recently donated I think 20,000
dollars to the Orlando relief efforts
which is fantastic and wonderful and I
think that's great of him I would
imagine he had genuine motive to do that
but it also may have been a PR thing I
mean I don't know what his motivations
are I don't know him as a person but he
just seems like a cruddy dude overall
and I just I don't want to support him
anymore I am going to keep my palette I
do really like my pal people have asked
me if I'm going to return it and I know
I'm not going to return it I am going to
keep it just because it's not worth the
hassle to send it back and I am enjoying
it so I'm going to keep it but I'm not
going to be buying anything else by
Jeffrey star that's just my personal I I
don't want to I don't want to put my
money there you know there's lots of
great indie companies that I can support
and this I don't feel like as a company
that I want to support anymore so I want
to thank you so much for watching this
video if you enjoyed it please
definitely hit the subscribe button so
you can see more of my content and I
want to thank you again for being
here and for spending some of your day
with me I appreciate it mad love and
I'll see you soon bye